This is back,
Okay, don’t leave when you come back this time,
One look at the number one in your second book family,
Originally everything was fine,
When I take it with me in Jiangcheng, I have to apply for something.
I really thought about it and let people beat me,
Fractures all over the body have not been found yet.
Who are the brothers? Really,
Let’s lose all our reputation as a traitor to this,
Also, when I come back this time,
Just to tell you this,
Why, you found out who the brothers are for them, didn’t you?
I'm the one who's going to beat the good guys, right?
I'm always in body
The things I'm teaching and inspecting are almost at a low speed.
So I can’t do it for the time being.
Why are good people beaten like that?
That's because he himself is self-cold.
After all, you are all my grandchildren
This song is precious
It's not meat
Even if my wife is usually stubborn
You can't beat people like that either.
Knockout is your brother
Just one breath away, my life is just for it
This attack is too harsh, right?
You beat people like this
As for the second uncle, it fits the bill.
It's my grandpa
It also fits the ground
You reversed our age
Produces friction on the ground
Sorry grandpa
I didn't think it was the right time to tell you
But you actually pointed it out
I also gave him a straight meal
My previous flight was actually not a bowl.
I already have some political situations
All the evidence was only given to the second uncle. He paid two people.
I'm doing survival research
Not just my accounting facts
And my parents were in a car accident before
so called accident
Do you know what it means, child?
Don't hesitate
When my father was in the abolished court committee and established the family as an adult,
He and my mother were immediately involved in a car accident
And it was also when I abolished the court committee and established a family record as an adult
What a coincidence
Don't forget to remember that there was an accident.
Do you really think this is a coincidence or do you mean
you always remember
he is your son
So I don’t want to apply
How come you look so much like Grandpa Li? Grandpa
It doesn’t matter what I think if you don’t pay me back.
The evidence in my hand
All this will be proven soon
I keep everything in
Not well protected from the wind
now i grow up
It's safe for him to start immediately
Touch to respond
I will never dare to bend
As for sweating, I’m not sure.
It’s my Grandpa Li’s thing